<a href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?business=cjrgaming@gmail.com&cmd=_donations&lc=US&item_name=AegisBorn+MMO+Development&currency_code=USD">Donations welcome. Click to donate!</a>

Aegis Born MMO
=======
This is designed to be a work on progress for an MMO built from scratch following along with the crafters haven blog. It is intended to be used to learn the ropes of:

* Photon
* Symfony Integration with SmartFoxServer
* Network Messaging

The idea behind this project is to start from scratch and build a web server, database, and MMO through Unity3d. It is a work in progress so things will be changing as they get built and talked about on the blog <a href="http://mmocraftershaven.blogspot.com/">CJR Gaming Design / Development</a>.

Aegis Born Setup
=======

XAMPP project
-------
In order to set this up properly you need to take the AegisBorn folder and place it in your xampp directory. Then you need to take the public_html directory from there and put it in the public_html directory of xampp.

Photon
-------
The code assumes that you have Photon on your computer and located at c:\Photon

If this is not the case you will need to open AegisBornPhoton\AegisBorn and modify the project properties to point to your Photon location's deploy/AegisBorn directory.

Next you will need to open [PhotonInstallDir]/bin_Win64 (or 32 if on a 32 bit system) and edit PhotonServer.config and add the following to the <Applications> tag

			<Application
				Name="AegisBorn"
				BaseDirectory="AegisBorn"
				Assembly="AegisBorn"
				Type="AegisBorn.AegisBornApplication"
				EnableAutoRestart="true"
				WatchFiles="dll;config"
				ExcludeFiles="log4net.config">
			</Application>


Once the server is restarted you can open the AegisBorn3dPhoton project in Unity3d. You will need to log into the web server and create an account. You can then log into the game using this account.